OK, perfect.
So let's dive right into the screen cap and let's get into this edit.
So here we go.
We have our main sequence.
And as you can see, I've already pulled the Selex.
So if you're choosing to download the footage and work alongside with me, your footage is going to
be labeled like this.
Bathroom, bedrooms, day two, night transition, exterior kitchen, dining room, etc. So you're going
to get movie files that have all these super epic Steadicam smooth kind of dolly style of shots.
So bringing those into your editing software, pull your Selex.
And I would assume that if you've been following the course, you're going to want to use a similar
strategy to really organize and categorize your Viorel.
So right now, I have about two minutes of Selex in my timeline.
And I just went through and I labeled the 10 shots are these intro kind of exterior shots, the blue
shots.
We go into the house, these kind of pink magenta shots are the bathrooms and bedrooms.
Yellow shots are the pool in the backyard.
Oh, God, that looks so nice.
I want to be there.
So.
And then the blue shots are kind of these nighttime shots.
And we're going to do a really cool date and night transition between these two shots.
But what I want to share in this video lesson specifically is that when you're dealing with a project
where you have a lot of beautiful B roll and you're going to edit it to a soundtrack and make a montage,
that's a showcase of some kind.
Even if you haven't shot the footage or the footage you're working with hasn't been shot with a story
that's being told, you have to kind of use your ninja skills and really work the story into the footage
by organizing it in a way that makes the most sense.
And I want to explain that by showing you that in this timeline, if we zoom in here, we have this
first shot is shot seven thousand six hundred and nine.
All right.
No, excuse me.
There's seven thousand sixty nine and seven thousand sixty eight.
So these were shot way later than seven thousand twenty nine, seven thousand thirty one.
I hope you can see these numbers there a little bit small, but we have seven thousand thirty one thirty
seven fifty one.
So what I'm explaining is that these were shot like this one was shot first.
And then I shot this one and I shot this one.
I shot this one.
And then in this post-production phase of pulling Selex, I pulled and move things around where I don't
have to necessarily put the edit together in the order that I shot the footage.
Why?
Because I want to rearrange things to tell a better story.
So if I put this in the order of the way I shot it, you know, these shots would have been first and
then we would have had the entrance to the house.
We would have gone into the house.
Right.
Like this.
And so on.
So that might be obvious.
It may not you know, you don't want to be bound by what happened on the filming day.
You want to take what happened on the filming day, rearrange it, remix, edit it, and that's going
to help you create a better story.
So the story that we're telling here is basically the vision or the view that a customer or a client
would have for experiencing this specific showcase or this specific product, which is this high end
real estate property.
So they go into the house, they experience the living spaces, the living room, the dining room,
the kitchen, and then we go upstairs.
Right.
We're showing them where they're going in this process.
They see the bedrooms, the bathrooms, and then they kind of see the vacation space, the beautiful
backyard.
And then we transition into nighttime and we have these nighttime shots.
So they would experience what it's like, you know, living out this space and then ending on this really
cool chandelier shot.
Is that just simple kind of reorganizing of the footage just helps to further tell a story.
So I want you to really keep that in mind for your edits and specifically for footage that you have
where there's no storyline, there's no dialogue or script or there's no beginning, middle and end.
Initially of this footage that you have, you can use your ninja skills to remix that footage and create
something that tells a better story.
I think I repeated that a few times, but I really want to get this point across because it's an incredibly
important nuance and subtlety that some editors understand and some editors.
So I hope that helps you, and I will see you in the next learning lesson.